Cyber Coders
3 years' experience with statistical models OR machine learning methods.
Experience on large scale computing systems like COSMOS OR Hadoop OR Mapreduce
Bachelor's Degree
MSc or PhD in a field like computer science, mathematics, statistics, machine learning, operations research, data mining, or AI
Experience with Windows platform development in C++ and C# is a big plus
Strong skills in SQL, R, Python, SAS and related tools for large scale analysis.
Strong hands-on experience in machine learning.

Neural Analytics
BS in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Bioinformatics or related technical field or equivalent practical experience
2 years of professional data science experience
Core strength in programming (Python, C/C++, Java)
Experienced software development skills within a structured architecture
Hands-on experience with statistical software (R, Matlab, Python)
Self-motivated, intelligent individual with initiative and drive for overcoming technical challenges
Outstanding problem solving and structuring as well as the ability to mine complex datasets and surface actionable insights
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Passion, integrity and commitment to excellence
MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Bioinformatics or related technical field or equivalent practical experience
4 years of professional data science experience
Experience with writing publications, patent applications and grant proposals
Strengths in computer science, with competencies in data structures, algorithms and software engineering
Experience with digital signal processing of time-series ultrasound, fMRI, ECG or similar medical data
Ability to comprehend medical and technical literature
Basic understanding of human physiology, especially cerebral hemodynamics

Ebay
PhD/MS Degree in Statistics/Economics/Mathematics or a quantitative field
Knowledge of statistical techniques including regression, heavy-tailed distributions, extreme values, bootstrapping / jack-knife, factor analysis, heterogeneous treatment effects, post-stratification, experimental design, frequentist and Bayesian hypothesis testing, and instrumental variables.
2-5+ years of relevant experience, preferably in business consulting, ecommerce or financial services
Hands-on experience with SQL/Hive/Spark, data mining, Druid
Hands-on experience with statistical tools like: Python, Java, Scala, R
Experience in web or social analytics is preferred

Microsoft
M.S. or PhD degree in CS/EE or 4 years of work experience is
Familiarity with distributed data processing/analysis and
modeling paradigm, such as Map-Reduce and MPI, is
preferred.
Great design and problem solving skills, with a strong bias for
quality and engineering excellence at scale.
The most successful candidates will possess the ability to learn
new techniques from textbooks or research papers and apply
them to the business problem at hand.

Apple
M.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or related field.
B.S. in related field with 4+ years experience applying analytical techniques to real business problems.
Ability to tell meaningful stories with data.
Programming skills in Python
Experience with SQL, database modeling and data warehousing principles.
Creativity to go beyond current tools to deliver best solution to the problem.
Data visualization experience in Matplotlib, Tableau, ggplot2 or a similar tool.
Experience with data science algorithms including decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, regression, and neural networks.
Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills.
Ability and comfort working independently and making key decisions on projects.

Hulu
Master's degree in Statistics or related quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research).
3+ years related experience such as analyzing data and/or building analytical models; in either an academic or professional setting and 3+ years relevant work experience.
Experienced with scripting languages such as R, Python, Ruby or SAS.
Real world analytical solution building experience.
Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions.
Demonstrated self-direction.
Proficient in prototyping models using scripting languages (e.g. Python, Ruby, etc.).
PhD in in Statistics or related quantitative field (e.g. Econometrics, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research).
Experience in causal inference is a plus.

GQR Global Markets
Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or other relevant field preferred
Expert knowledge of R or Python and SQL
Minimum 3 years of industry experience in data aggregation, data analysis
Strong Analytical skills and good knowledge of statistics and data
Finance experience is NOT a requirement
Familiar with Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark or other Big Data Platforms
Experience with sentimental analysis or working with alternative data.
Proficiency in Scala
Ambitious and self-motivated individual interested in working on systematic, event-driven strategies.

Wipro Labs
Minimum 9 year experience in modeling, statistical analysis and data driven insights
Statistical Techniques: logistic regression, clustering , CHAID, Random forests, SVM, Naive Bayes classifier, neural network
Statistical tools: R, Python, SAS
Query Languages: SQL, Hive, Pig
Excel, including pivots and advanced functions
Master’s Degree in a quantitative discipline like Statistics / Economics / Operations Research/ Mathematics
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in dealing with clients and stakeholders

Moody's Analytics
2+ years working as a data scientist
Deep working experience applying machine learning and statistics to real world problems
Fluency in a scripting language, such as Python, R, Javascript, for fast prototyping
Ability to write complex SQL queries in short order
Solid understanding of a wide range of data mining / machine learning software packages (e.g., Spark ML, scikit-learn, H2O, Weka, Keras)
Experience with version control systems (git) and comfortable using command-line tools
Excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal; must be able to communicate clearly with the core team as well as other teams in the company
Excellent attention to detail, quality of work, and time management skills
Positive, friendly attitude, desire for collaboration, and solid work ethic
Knowledge of semantic web technology (e.g., RDF, OWL, SPARQL)
Knowledge of search technologies (e.g., Solr, ElasticSearch)
Expert knowledge of web analytics
Experience using and building APIs
Financial industry working knowledge
PhD in a relevant field or equivalent experience

M Science LLC
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as NumPy, sparkML, scikitLearn, etc . Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable
Great communication skills
Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Good scripting and programming skills (scala, python on a spark infrastructure)
Data-oriented personality

Adobe
Ph.D. in CS, Math, Stats, EE, Physics, or related quantitative field
Good command of statistics, AI/machine learning/data mining models and algorithms including classification, regression, and deep learning
Strong object-oriented programming skills.
Ability to write production-quality code in Scala, Java, or Python
Experience with handling large data sets in distributed environments using Hadoop or Spark
Experience with SciKit-Learn, Spark ML, Tensor Flow or related modeling tools
Good communication skills as evidenced by a record of talks and publications
Experience in specialized areas such as optimization, recommendation systems, clustering, and marketing applications of data science is a plus

Google
BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., data science, economics, computer science, mathematics, engineering discipline)
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis as well as business application
Fluency with Python, R, SQL, Hadoop, and other relevant tools to manipulate and analyze big data.
Demonstrated ability to analyze and distill data into actionable insights
Demonstrated presentation skills to key stakeholders
4+ years of relevant work experience in data analysis and business application
Ability to influence at all levels and work effectively across functions and geographies
Ability to dig in and understand the details of a problem while at the same time understanding the strategic view.

Google
PhD degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science, applied mathematics, or similar) or equivalent practical experience.
2 years of experience in data analysis or related field.
Experience with statistical software (R, S-Plus, SAS, or similar).
Experience with databases and scripting languages (such as Python).
1 year of relevant work experience (i.e., data scientist role), including deep expertise and experience with statistical data analysis such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods.
Experience with Survey Sampling.
Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions.
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.

Trilyon Inc.
Ph. D in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, or Mathematics with a minimum of 5 years of related work experience
Must have experience with standard speech and machine learning techniques, NLP / NLU, scientific thinking, and the ability to invent
A track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field
Must be able to code with programming languages such as C/C++, Java, Perl or Python.
PhD with specialization in speech recognition, natural language processing, or machine learning
Strong publication record
Strong software development skills
Experience working effectively with science, data processing, and software engineering teams
Excellent written and spoken communication skills.

Agile SDE, LLC
Minimum of PhD or Master’s degree in CS or Math/Data science or a relevant scientiﬁc discipline, combined with at least 3-5 years in a commercial environment developing various applications using Big Data technologies.
Knowledge of basic NLP techniques such as stemming, tagging and entity-extraction,.
Familiarity with modern ML and Deep Learning frameworks (at least one, the more the better): MLlib, Caffe, TensorFlow, MXNet, Torch, scikit
Strong working knowledge of statistics.
Industry experience building and productizing innovative end-to-end Machine Learning systems.
Experience with metric/transfer learning and non-linear dimension reduction.
Deep neural networks, Sequence-to-sequence models (RNNs, Pointer networks, etc.)
Familiarity with ﬁrst order logic
Practical knowledge of Python and Java/Scala

Touch of Modern
Master’s or PhD in statistics, econometrics, computer science, mathematics, or similar
5+ years experience as a Data Scientist or similar role for Business Intelligence projects
Experience with Redshift, large data ETL, and advanced SQL
Experienced in machine learning and multivariate regression
Extensive experience with Python, R or another statistical language
Thorough understanding of Bayesian statistics and demonstrated ability to apply that knowledge effectively
E-commerce experience - comfortable handling clickstream data combined with a deep understanding of LTVs, contribution margins, CACs, AOVs, etc. and appropriate ways to model them
A deep sense of curiosity
Obsession with data and algorithms to solve business problems
Comfort working within a modern engineering environment (Linux, system architecture, Java, Python, R, multithreaded programming)
Ability to script experimental solutions, select and use the most appropriate statistical analysis tools to answer specific business questions
Thoughtful, results-driven personality, with a high level of enthusiasm, energy and confidence
Excellent analytical, communication, organizational and presentation skills
Ability to demonstrate flexibility and integrity: be able and willing to work hands on, independently or with a small team providing leadership
Experience working at a growth-stage startup company
Experience with large scale algorithm challenges

Trulia
Ph.D. or MS in Computer Science, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning or related field, or Bachelor’s with equivalent industry experience.
Strong foundation in computer science, algorithms, data structures, machine learning and statistics
Depth and breadth in state-of-the-art computer vision, deep learning and machine learning technologies
2+ years of experience in computer vision or deep learning.
Proficiency in Java, C++, Python or other equivalent languages
Experience working with large datasets and Deep Learning algorithms
Experience working with unstructured data like images and text and applying novel machine learning techniques to convert insights into products
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to communicate effectively to both technical and nontechnical audiences.
Must be self-motivated and a strong team player
Strong engineering and programming skills. Ability to write high performance production quality code.
Track record of building and deploying into production innovative end-to-end machine learning systems.
Proficiency in Python and scientific computing packages.
Experience in understanding and implementing algorithms in computer vision and deep learning using both toolkits and self developed code
Publications at top-tier peer-reviewed conferences or journals or a proven track record of industry innovation in creating novel algorithms
Experience with information retrieval or text mining.
Good understanding of common families of models, feature engineering, feature selection and other practical machine learning issues, such as overfitting
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce
Experience working with Natural Language Processing to understand text content
Strong programming skills in C/C++
Experience deploying pipelines to AWS or cloud services.
Familiarity with vision systems on mobile devices.
Experience with computer vision/machine learning libraries such as OpenCV, sklearn, xgboost, etc.
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as Caffe, TensorFlow, Theano, Torch, etc
Experience with large-scale distributed systems and frameworks
Experience with technologies like Solr, Kafka, Hadoop, Spark, Redis, etc
Experience with designing crowd sourcing experiments and crowd sourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk (AMT)
Experiences with GPUs.
Familiarity with parallel programming, ideally CUDA C/C++
Contributor to open source machine learning/computer vision/deep learning libraries
Experience working with Academic Datasets like ImageNet, Places, etc.
Experience with distributed training of deep neural networks - data parallelism, model parallelism

Bluevine
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics , Information Systems or equivalent technical degree.
2 years of hands-on experience as a Data Scientist, Machine Learning engineer or a comparable analytical position.
2 years of hands-on experience with Python or R and the supporting analysis libraries / ecosystem.
Proven track record in developing Direct Mail models and other models in the fields of marketing / revenue / consumer behavior, such as: Response models, LTV, Churn & AB testing.
An excellent understanding of both traditional statistical modeling and Machine Learning techniques and algorithms: Regression, clustering, ensembling (random forest, gradient boosting), deep learning (neural networks), etc.
Proficiency with SQL and experience in working with databases.
Familiarity with Git and Linux / OS command line.
Self-starter excited to learn unfamiliar concepts on the job.
Delivery-oriented approach - ability to get things done within a strict time frame / ability to juggle multiple assignments.
Deep interest in learning both the theoretical and practical aspects of working with and deriving insights from data.
Great communication skills.
Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Information Systems or equivalent.
Excellent Python programming skills.
PostgreSQL / Redshift hands-on experience.
Experience in working with Amazon AWS ecosystem.Experience with remote development & distributed development architectures.

AirBnB
A passion for Airbnb’s mission of helping people Belong Anywhere
Work experience in performance marketing and significant understanding of major advertising platforms (Google Adwords, DoubleClick, Facebook Ads) is a plus
3+ years in industry or a PhD in a quantitative field with strong emphasis in experimentation
A “business owner” mindset, with a keen interest in strategy and operations
Strong interpersonal and relationship-building skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to identify and “sell” data-informed business recommendations to stakeholders
Fluency in the core toolkit of Data Science:
Python/R, SQL/Hive, unix/scripting
Manipulating large-scale data sets
Building data pipelines
Implementing visualizations, dashboards, and reports
Experimental design and interpretation
Descriptive and predictive modeling

SoFi
Experience in Python and data science packages such as pandas and scikit-learn.  
Experience demonstrating detailed knowledge (including understanding of strengths and  weaknesses of various approaches), application, analysis, and development utilizing machine learning.
Previous work that used deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow (prefered) or others such as PyTorch or Theano.
Teamwork, responsiveness to stakeholders, and ability explain mathematical concepts  
Passionate about innovation and pushing state of the art research
Expertise with different deep learning architectures such as RNN, LSTM, GRU, DFF and GANs.
2-3 years using Python with scikit-learn and pandas to work with deep learning platforms.
SQL via Python libraries such as SQLAlchemy
PhD or Masters in mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, or information science.
Deep learning with high-dimensional data.
Understanding of financial terms and concepts  
NLP and machine reading with deep learning.

Chewy
MS/PhD in Operations Research/Statistics/Computer Science/Engineering/Physics/Math or a related technical discipline
5 years of Experience in the field of data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms
Experience working with any relational databases and SQL
Programming experience in one or more of the languages like R/Python/Ruby/Perl/Shell/C
PHD in Mathematics or Statistics
Advanced Mathematical Training: Mathematical Modeling, Statistical Analysis, Forecasting Models and Margin Engineering (cross elasticity, demand curve modeling)
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches
Strong knowledge and experience using major statistical analysis tools such as R/ Python/SAS/Apache Spark
Creation and implementation of statistical predictive models including such algorithms as decision tress, clustering, classification, association etc
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner with both technical and non-technical customers
Experience working with large data sets. Experience working with distributed computing tools a plus (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive etc.)

Verizon
Bachelor’s degree our four or more years of work experience.
Six or more years of relevant work experience.
Six or more years of experience in business analysis, solution design, systems analysis, business/management consulting, process mapping and engineering.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Information Systems.
MBA or MS degree.
Strong knowledge of the IT function and how IT enables the business through effective strategic planning, governance and management discipline.
Excellent engagement, leadership, business acumen and influencing skills.
10 or more years of working experience in business analysis, solution design, systems analysis, business/management consulting, process mapping and engineering.
Excellent program/ project management skills to build and execute project plans with clearly defined deliverables, timelines, and ownerships.
Demonstrated history of partnering with other business and IT advisory practices/functional practitioners to develop an integrated go-to-market approach and deliver cross-functional solutions.
Experience in defining the Enterprise wide architecture from data acquisition through to information delivery using the Business Intelligence tools.
Experience in evaluating options for meeting data sourcing needs and ensures that system requirements are identified, prioritized and incorporated in an effective, efficient manner.
Organize data acquisition work and deliverables and integrate/synthesize broad and diverse inputs and large amounts of information to formulate cohesive data requirements.
Engineering, Financial and Modeling skills and knowledge.
Experience of designing and implementing service models for platforms (Centrally or locally).
Experienced SAS skills in Data management, Tableau, SQL, BASE, and in MS Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio).

